Add `influxd upgrade` guide (1.x to 2.0) (#1669)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/upgrading/beta2rc1-upgrade-guide.md

---
title: Upgrade from InfluxDB 2.0 beta to InfluxDB 2.0rc1
description: >
  Upgrade from InfluxDB 2.0 beta to InfluxDB 2.0rc1.
menu:
  influxdb_2_0_ref:

>     parent: Upgrading InfluxDB

Reviewer: Upgrade

>     name: Upgrade from InfluxDB 2.0 beta to InfluxDB 2.0rc1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    name: Upgrade from InfluxDB 1.8 to InfluxDB 2.0rc1
```

aliases:
  - /influxdb/v2.0/reference/rc0-upgrade-guide/
  - /influxdb/v2.0/reference/rc1-upgrade-guide/

> weight: 9

Reviewer: Lets update weight so this latest version is first
